Update rule S899: Return values should not be ignored when they conta… (#343)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S899/kotlin/rule.adoc

include::../jvm-description.adoc[]

== Noncompliant Code Example

----
fun doSomething(file: File, lock: Lock) {
    file.delete() // Noncompliant
    // ...
    lock.tryLock() // Noncompliant
}
----

== Compliant Solution

----
fun doSomething(file: File, lock: Lock) {
    if (!lock.tryLock()) {
        // lock failed; take appropriate action
    }
    if (!file.delete()) {
        // file delete failed; take appropriate action
    }
}
----

== See

> Although these resources talks about Java, the underlying information concerning the JVM are just as relevant for Kotlin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although these resources talk about Java, the underlying information concerning the JVM is just as relevant for Kotlin.
```
